go through this project and extensively analyze the pipeline we've built so far. understand it and then once you do, we want to change where we pull Schedule data from. we want to pull it from G:\All\Long-term planning, from the excel file, whose name will contain "FY", "CW", "LTP", i.e currently, the file name is "FY26 CW05 LTP"; next week that will change, maybe some space will be omitted or a dash will be added in new file name, but the important thing is to find these strings in filename, and moreover, most of time, it's the only excel file in this folder, so this can be a fallback variant. 
Now, once we locate the file, target sheet is "Planning". columns A:B (=FILTER('G:\All\Long-term planning\[FY26 CW05 LTP.xlsm]PLANING'!$A:$B,'G:\All\Long-term planning\[FY26 CW05 LTP.xlsm]PLANING'!$D:$D="Weekly Output Plan") will be our source for Project and Model). ='G:\All\Long-term planning\[FY26 CW05 LTP.xlsm]PLANING'!$X$63:$BW$63 contain dates, and columns X:BW (=FILTER('G:\All\Long-term planning\[FY26 CW05 LTP.xlsm]PLANING'!$X:$BW,'G:\All\Long-term planning\[FY26 CW05 LTP.xlsm]PLANING'!$D:$D="Weekly Output Plan") will be our source for Schedule data). I created an extract - LTP_extracted.csv to help you out to understand the data. 
i added ref.csv to create connection between LTP data and prod lines we used throughout this project. this is very important to create a canonical list across all sources, connecting them.
once we adapt the pipeline to pull data from LTP file, we want to test the pipline and see if the data is visible in TV.